Object Oriented Programming

- Class
    class: Blueprint of an object.
    final: The final keyword can be used to prevent class inheritance.
    abstract: An abstract class is a class that contains at least one abstract method. An abstract method is a method that is declared, but not implemented in the code. Method can be protected or public.
        The child class method must be defined with the same name and it redeclares the parent abstract method
        The child class method must be defined with the same or a less restricted access modifier
        The number of required arguments must be the same. However, the child class may have optional arguments in addition

- Object
    Instance of a Class. Have properties (attributes) and behaviors (functions).

- Access Modifiers
    public: can be accessed from anywhere.
    protected: can be accessed within the class and the child classes.
    private: can only be accessed within the class.

- Constructor
    __construct(): method called when object is created

- Destructor
    __destruct: method called when object is destroyed or script ends

- Trait:
    trait: Traits are used to declare methods and/or properties that can be used in multiple classes. Traits can have methods and abstract methods that can be used in multiple classes, and the methods can have any access modifier.

- Inheritance
    extends: When a class derives from another class
    Multiple Inheritance: Can be done by using traits or composition (Having class objects as properties but ensure dependency injection to fix tight coupling).

- Method Overriding
    Inherited methods can be overridden by redefining the methods (use the same name) in the child class.
    final: The final keyword can be used to prevent method overriding.

- Interfaces
    Interfaces allow you to specify what methods a class should implement.
    Polymorphism: When one or more classes use the same interface. Having same method name with different functionalities.
    Abstraction: Showing only important details and hiding unnecessary things from user.

Encapsulation:
    exposing only necessary information using public access modifier.
    hiding sensitive details using protected and private access modifier.

- Static Methods
    static: Static methods can be called directly - without creating an instance of the class first.
    self: To access static method in the same class.
    parent: To access protected static method from child.

- Static Properties
    static: Static properties can be called directly - without creating an instance of a class.
    self: To access static property in the same class.
    parent: To access static property in the child class.
